edit: reworks the enhanced workflow doc single page (#1603)
mia-platform/documentation: docs/development_suite/deploy/overview.md

### Export and review configuration files

:::info
This feature is only available to Projects that use [**Enhanced Project Workflow**](/development_suite/set-up-infrastructure/overview.md).
:::

When using the **Enhanced Project Workflow**, Kubernetes files are generated on deployment. After selecting the desired revision (or version), you can:

> - compare the new generated Kubernetes files with the file deployed on the cluster

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- compare the newly generated Kubernetes menifest files with the ones deployed on the cluster
```

#### Compare Changes

:::info
This feature is only available to Projects that use [**Enhanced Project Workflow**](/development_suite/set-up-infrastructure/overview.md) and `GitLab`, `GitHub` or `Azure` as CI/CD provider.
:::

> By clicking on the `Compare changes` button, a diff-editor will show the differences between the k8s configurations of the selected revision or version and the k8s files already deployed in a side-by-side view.

Reviewer: just because i don't really like to repeat the same words in the same sentence :eyes: 

```suggestion
By clicking on the `Compare changes` button, a diff-editor will show the differences between the k8s configurations of the selected revision or version and the already deployed ones in a side-by-side view.
```
